=Wish Registry=

'''Author:''' Bryce Campbell

'''License:''' See LICENSE

'''Description:''' iOS port of a CLI application that I wrote in Rust that can be used to generate a wish list in HTML.

'''Version:''' 0.1

==Notes==

This application has been tested on iOS 26. It is not currently known how well it will run elsewhere.

===Questions===

<ol>
<li id="q1">
<dl>
  <dt style="font-weight:bold">Why create this application when there are so many others options for wish lists?</dt>
  <dd>
  <p>While there are indeed many wish list applications out there, 
  they all seem to rely on the Internet, which is fine if everything you want is online to begin with, but I would rather not deal with the complications involved.
  Also, I currently make my own wish lists by hand via the following process:</p>
  <ul>
  <li>Create a list</li>
  <li>Generate and clean up HTML</li>
  <li>Add notes to HTML</li>
  <li>Add styles to the HTML, to make it friendly for touch screen 
  and print friendly</li>
  

  <p>Even though I don't intend for this application to do all of that, I do want it to be able to generate a HTML list with the notes included, 
  so that I can focus on adding the appropriate style rules myself.</p>
  
  <p>However, this application does include some styling stuff in the HTML export that I like adding in, to make the HTML more readable on modern phones.</p>

  <p>Other than that, I wanted to both be able to challenge myself a bit more and even make it so that I do not need to rely on the <a href="https://github.com/bryceac/wlist">original program</a> I wrote.</p>
  </dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li id="q2">
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Can I include images with my items?</dt>
<dd>
<p>While this might seem like a nice thing to have, that is not within the scope of this project, which is to quickly generate an HTML page that can then be customized later on.</p>

<p>Also, another issue with implementing this that many online stores have an API to be able to grab images, integrating those APIs can be a huge pain, due to unknowns, like one place using different keys from another.</p>

<p>However, the biggest issue with including images is that, outside PDF and a few other options, it does not make things easy to tsend off to others without use of a server.</p>

<p>If you want this, I suggest looking elsewhere.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li id="q3">
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Since you want to be able to provide a template that people can edit quickly afterwards, is it possible to do those customizations in this app itself?</dt>
<dd>
<p>This is a good idea and one that I have thought about, but I chose not too because everyone&#39;s preferences can differ at any time.</p>

<p>The HTML generated by this app does include things to allow things to be flexible based on screen size, to ensure readability, and I may add the CSS rules to apply double spacing on space screens, but the best flexibility is usally to be had from editing the HTMl yourself.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li id="q4">
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Will this be available for macOS?</dt>
<dd>
<p>While I do not plan to prevent anybody from being able to use this app on macOS, I have had issues recently with my <a href="https://github.com/bryceac/BCheckbook">last app</a> that prevent me from pushing updates at this time.</p>

<p>Even though I don't know at ths time if my problems will be fixed by replacing the computer I use for testing or not, I am using at least two libraries in this project that I have also used in the app I just linked to, so the issues I had with that app will likely surface with this too.</p>

<p>If you wish to be able to do what you can with this application, please check out the link list in the <a href="#q1">first question</a>.</p>

<p>Please note that the HTML produced by the original program is more geared towards Desktops and is commandline based.</p>
</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</o>